update istio sampling wording (#14610)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/trace_collection/proxy_setup/_index.md

To control the volume of traces starting from Istio that are sent to Datadog, specify a sampling rate by setting the parameter `DD_TRACE_SAMPLING_RULES` to a value between `0.0` (0%) and `1.0` (100%). If no value is specified, 100% of traces starting from Istio are sent.

> **Note:** These sampling environment variables rules work if `--set values.pilot.traceSampling=100.0` has been configured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that these environment variables apply only to the subset of traces indicated by the `values.pilot.traceSampling` setting, hence the required `--set values.pilot.traceSampling=100.0` during Istio configuration.
```
